# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements-dev.in -o requirements-dev.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
alembic==1.16.5
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
arq==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   asyncpg
    #   langchain
    #   redis
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
backports-asyncio-runner==1.2.0
    # via pytest-asyncio
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via unstructured
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   arq
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cohere==5.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage==7.10.6
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.7
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via pydantic
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   hypercorn
    #   pytest
    #   taskgroup
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via cohere
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   hypercorn
    #   wsproto
h2==4.3.0
    # via hypercorn
hf-xet==1.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
hiredis==3.2.1
    # via redis
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   unstructured-client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hypercorn==0.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.32
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.4.25
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.1
    # via unstructured
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
openai==1.106.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pinecone-plugin-assistant
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pinecone==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-assistant==1.8.0
    # via pinecone
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via pinecone
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
priority==2.0.0
    # via hypercorn
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pinecone
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.14.0
    # via unstructured
redis==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arq
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-plugin-assistant
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via triton
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
taskgroup==0.2.2
    # via hypercorn
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   coverage
    #   hypercorn
    #   pytest
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.56.1
    # via sentence-transformers
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
types-requests==2.32.4.20250809
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   arq
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cohere
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hypercorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   taskgroup
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
unstructured==0.18.14
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.42.3
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via unstructured
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via hypercorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
